fix(ui): fix StreamChannel not available in various poll dialogs (#2082)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: packages/stream_chat_flutter/CHANGELOG.md

## Upcoming

🐞 Fixed

> - Fixed `StreamChannel` not available in the widget tree for various Poll options.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed `StreamChannel` not available in the widget tree for various poll-related dialogs.
```
